Coding standards pytest (#10)
Harmos274/SQA-Assignment: README.md

#### PEP8 

#### Unit Testing with Pytest

> Pytest is an external testing module for python. It is more easy to use and intuitive than the built in testing module of python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pytest is an external testing module for python. It is more easy to use and intuitive than the built in python 3 testing module.
```

> You can organize your tests in class, this allow you to respect the separation of concern practice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can organize your tests in classes, this allows you to respect the separation of concern practice.
```

#### PEP8 

#### Unit Testing with Pytest

In order to apply a quality assurance policy, the company has chosen Pytest to run unit tests.
Pytest is an external testing module for python. It is more intuitive and easier to use than the built in Python 3 testing module.
You can organize your tests in classes, this allow you to respect the separation of concern practice.
This module gives the developers a simple way to test their code when unexpected things happen.

>Testing that your program responds as expected in negative situations is very important.

Pytest is pretty easy to use, because it provides developers an API to test functions:

    def inc(x):
        return x + 1

    def test_answer():

>         assert inc(3) == 5

Reviewer: Use the backticks characters to escape your code section, it'll makes it more readable. For example here:

```python
def inc(x):
    return x + 1

def test_answer():
    assert inc(3) == 5
```

Pytest would answer:

    ______________________________test_answer_______________________________

        def test_answer():
    >       assert inc(3) == 5
    E       assert 4 == 5
    E        +  where 4 = inc(3)

    test_sample.py:6: AssertionError
    ========================short test summary info=========================
    FAILED test_sample.py::test_answer - assert 4 == 5

>     ===========================1 failed in 0.12s============================

Reviewer: Same here juste use backticks to escape the log
